#by Kurunir
#title:Gift from Karkhu
#author:{name:lossoth_female}
#types:forochel, forodwaith
#reward
#Especially for the LotrReworked project

Once our homeland was not as cold as it is now. The summers were longer and the winters were shorter. But everything changed when a powerful demon - Moorbak settled in the east and sent a terrible cold to our lands.

Many people and animals disappeared then, but some animals were able to adapt to the deadly frosts and survive to this day, and our ancestors, the Faradites, continued to die from the cold. Then, the few survivors, in fear of imminent death, began to ask for help from higher powers. But the Spirits were busy with their own affairs, and did not pay attention to their pleas.

Only one of them took pity on the Faradites. He descended to earth in the guise of a huge snow-white bear and the ice cracked from his voice, and the snowstorm subsided before his greatness. People were afraid of him, mistaking him for Moorbak, some fled in fear, others remained, waiting for him to devour them. Only their leader, {name: lossoth_male}, was not scared. He turned to the beast and begged for help. The spirit was moved and decided to help the wanderers, in return only demanding that they be always faithful to him and never follow Moorbak, and also sacrifice the head of a polar bear to him once a year.

The Faradites, of course, agreed. Then Karkhu, as this good spirit was later called, began to teach people to survive in conditions of endless cold. He taught our ancestors how to sew warm clothes from animal skins, build houses from snow and get food. His last and most amazing gift was a magic drink - Karkhuron, which protects from the terrible cold, warms the body and soul, gives strength and confidence.

The secret of making Karkhuron has been passed down from generation to generation, and finally came down to us, Lossoth. It is not difficult to prepare it, it is difficult to get the right ingredients.

And here is the recipe itself: put three large blocks of ice in a barrel, then two bowls ... [Here the page breaks. It seems that the secret of making the magic lossot drink will remain a secret]

