Welcome to Forodwaith, #!
Good day, #.
Welcome to Forochel, my friend
Lossoth greet you, #
There are rumors of terrible creatures living in the ruins to the north ...
Welcome, #. I'm glad that you were able to overcome the endless cold of Forodwaith and get here
You're not from these lands, right, #?
How are you?
Where did you come from, #?
There is nothing more beautiful than the sight of shining ice at dawn!
When I was still a child, my grandmother would often tell me stories about the spirits in the north.
We do our best to survive. Life is hard for us, # ... but nothing, Lossoth are a staunch people
Welcome, #. What prompted you to travel to the lands of the Ice Bay?
Snow is our life, #
Hi, #!
What's the news, #?
What news did you bring us?
Are you cold yet, #?
#, are you from the dúnedain by any chance?
I do not recommend hitting the road at night, #. Freeze to death
The ruins of Angmar disturb me. They say that dark creatures still breed there, waiting in the wings
What brings you to these cold lands, #?
The lands of Forochel may seem deserted at first glance, but you should look closely and you will see that they are beautiful in their own way.
Good day, #. Where do you come from?
Don't go far north, #. Scary things say about the ruins in the gorge between the Frozen Mountains
Do you want to hunt walruses, #?
Only true friends of our people will be able to appreciate our cuisine.
We, Lossoth, carefully keep the secret of making our sacred drink - karkhuron. But if you prove your loyalty to us, we will share with you a couple of waterskins ...
Welcome, traveler. What brings you to these lands?
You don't often meet travelers in our lands
Are you a Lossoth friend, or a spy from the Iron Country?
We haven't met guests for a long time, #
How did you manage to overcome the terrible cold of Forodwaith and get here?
We do not welcome slaves of darkness in our lands. I hope you are not serving Angmar!
I hope you are not an Orc spy, #. Although, if you were our enemy, you would already be frozen to death ...
Welcome, #, welcome to the lands of Forochel!
When my ancestors sheltered people from the south, they sent the great wrath of the Iron King upon themselves and their descendants. But I believe they did the right thing
It's amazing that you were able to cross the icy desert and stay alive
Is there any news from our southern friends, #? They say there are very few of them left ...
I hope you are not a spy from the Iron Country!
I've never seen people from the south! Welcome!
I advise you to stock up on warm Lossoth clothing before continuing.
Rumor has it that huge trees with fiery red foliage grow in the icy wasteland. I think it's just an old bike
It's colder here at night than during the day
I advise you not to try copalchen, unless you have a strong stomach and are not a friend of our people.
Although Forochel is a very harsh place, it is our home and we will never leave it.
Any news from the Rangers of the North? We haven't seen them for a long time
Do not go into the mountain gorge in the east. The Great Horror dwells there
Have you met polar bears, #? Lovely animals, aren't they?
They say that the remains of the ship of the last king of Arnor still lie at the bottom of the Gulf.
Have you ever ridden a sleigh, #?
Although the time of Muurbak's rule is long gone, the terrible cold still fetters these lands.
Our magical drink is great for warming body and soul, so if you head further north be sure to stock up on it!
There is nothing more beautiful than the northern lights in the night sky!
Once these lands were not as harsh as they are now. But the evil Sorcerer from Angmar sent the Great Cold on us, and now we have a very difficult time